README.md, before:

# Recon

Reconnaisance for Recruitment.

## What is Recon?

Recon gamifies recruitment contributions. It assigns points for various Interview stages (such as Telephone, Pairing, etc), tracks Employee scores based on the interviews they take, and shows Leaderboards.

## Getting Started

The project is vagrantized. So all you need to do is:

* Install Vagrant
* Clone this repository
* Run `vagrant up` to provision and boot a VM
* Run `vagrant ssh` to login to the VM
* Run `cd /vagrant; rails server -b 0.0.0.0` to start the server
* Browse to `localhost:3000`

## Production Deployment

### Initial Setup

    # Install Docker
    curl -sSL https://get.docker.io | sh

    # Pull and run postgres (needs to be done only once)
    mkdir /var/lib/recon-postgres
    docker pull postgres:9
    docker run --name recon-postgres -v /var/lib/recon-postgres:/var/lib/postgresql/data -d postgres:9

    # Clone the repository
    git clone https://github.com/TWChennai/recon.git

### Build and Run

    # Build the latest Recon (this is going to take quite a bit of time)
    git pull
    docker build -t recon:latest .

    # Remove the old container (if you're redeploying)
    docker stop recon-prod
    docker rm recon-prod

    # Run
    docker run --name recon-prod --link recon-postgres:postgres -p 80:8080 -d recon:latest

## Production Testing in Vagrant

    # Simply run:
    docker/start

    # Or install docker and follow the above instructions

Commit message:

Update README and convert to a rolling release

README.md, after:

# Recon

Reconnaisance for Recruitment.

## What is Recon?

Recon gamifies recruitment contributions. It assigns points for various Interview stages (such as Telephone, Pairing, etc), tracks Employee scores based on the interviews they take, and shows Leaderboards.

## Getting Started

The project is vagrantized. So all you need to do is:

* Install Vagrant
* Clone this repository
* Run `vagrant up` to provision and boot a VM
* Run `vagrant ssh` to login to the VM
* Run `cd /vagrant; rails server -b 0.0.0.0` to start the server
* Browse to `localhost:3000`

## Release Policy

Recon is a rolling release with two branches:

* `master `: Deploy at your own risk
* `release`: Current release-ready code, use this for deployments


## Deployment

**TL;DR - Always use the `release` branch for deployments.**

### Initial Setup

    # Install Docker
    curl -sSL https://get.docker.io | sh

    # Pull and run postgres (needs to be done only once)
    mkdir /var/lib/recon-postgres
    docker pull postgres:9
    docker run --name recon-postgres -v /var/lib/recon-postgres:/var/lib/postgresql/data -d postgres:9

    # Clone the repository
    git clone https://github.com/TWChennai/recon.git --branch release

### Build and Run

    # Build the latest Recon (this is going to take quite a bit of time)
    git pull

    # Double check: Are you on the release branch?
    docker build -t recon:latest .

    # Remove the old container (if you're redeploying)
    docker stop recon-prod
    docker rm recon-prod

    # Run
    docker run --name recon-prod --link recon-postgres:postgres -p 80:8080 -d recon:latest

## Production Testing in Vagrant

    # Simply run:
    docker/start

    # Or install docker and follow the above instructions
